fix(typo): Various typo fixes (#9752)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai missions.txt

			choice
				`	"Let's see if anyone in the spaceport needs a lift off the planet."`
				`	"Let's take another look at the job board, maybe a smaller job will pop up."`

> 			`	Turns out this isn't as easy as you thought it'd be. The spaceport is almost empty, save for the occasional worker or drunken crew member, and the job board is filled with massive hauls of minerals, aside from a few small but dangerous jobs to human space. Eventually, as you two begin scouting the edge of the docking area, you spot a troubled human merchant near several crates. You approach him and he explains that his ship had some malfunctions and he cannot deliver his cargo of advanced surgical equipment to <destination>. "This is the worst! One jump away from the planet and the navigation system suddenly decides to go on strike! There's no way I can make it before the deadline!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Turns out this isn't as easy as you thought it'd be. The spaceport is almost empty, save for the occasional worker or drunken crewmember, and the job board is filled with massive hauls of minerals, aside from a few small but dangerous jobs to human space. Eventually, as you two begin scouting the edge of the docking area, you spot a troubled human merchant near several crates. You approach him and he explains that his ship had some malfunctions and he cannot deliver his cargo of advanced surgical equipment to <destination>. "This is the worst! One jump away from the planet and the navigation system suddenly decides to go on strike! There's no way I can make it before the deadline!"`
```

"[crewmember](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/crewmember)" is actually fine as a gender neutral form of "crewman".
